1. Immediately entering the site, there is no pic or cool stuff just a bunch of text....bad UI 
 
2. after using reducing the size of my screen to Ipad size,  there is a scroll bar on the menu icon....too much padding and margin..bad UI. 
 
3. Text do not gracefully use the themetoggler to go from white to dark, there is a bit of lag and some text are bigger on white than on dark... 
 
4. The themetoggler icons is too tiny on the container it stays in.. 
 
5. The faq is not making things better.. just a bunch of text...and there should atleast be a chevron down at the end of each questions so it is display on click to reduce text congestions 
 
6. Terms of services is also a bunch of text, and why is this there...Email: support@craftiva.com 
Address: [Your Business Address] 
Phone: [Your Contact Number] 
 
7. Craftnet Logo is not showing on the terms of service page...bad UI 
 
 
8. I just noticed your themetoggler is just floating inside the secondary div it should at least be with the hamburger menu in the nav bar. 
 
9. what is this on the privacy policy....Craftiva ("we," "our," or "us") is committed to protecting 
 
10. this is also appearing on your privacy policy...Email: privacy@craftiva.com 
Address: [Your Business Address] 
Phone: [Your Contact Number] 
 
11. No icons, no animations...nothing cool for someone to comback next time and see...bad UI 
 
12. On opening the menu, The word Menu is fighting with the spacing, the cancel icon is hanging in the middle of the menu slide nav. 
 
13. You did not disable scrolling when menu slide is open...bad UI 
 
14.  On sign up, the field to select your creative type is part of the options..bad UI 
 
15. Using a Bento style for your form field on sign up is more modern 
 
16. this smtp is child's play.... 
Craftnet <noreply@craftnet.com.ng> Unsubscribe 
6:31 PM (1 minute ago) 
to me 
 
Hi baronlonewolf999@gmail.com, Welcome to Craftnet! One last step: please confirm your email so we can activate your account and keep your dashboard secure. Confirm your email: https://xmffdlciwrvuycnsgezb.supabase.co/auth/v1/verify?token=fa64d7b37688770ab9c87b1b4e1592617602f405e0ec6295b0d4b0ba&type=signup&redirect_to=https://craftnet.com.ng If you didn’t create this account, feel free to ignore this message. Thanks for joining the Craftnet community, The Craftnet Team 
Confirm your mail..... 
 
17. showing me your project ID is very bad, i cna phish out info with it. 
 
18. On login there is no place to check my password if its correct...(the eye)  
 
19. Complete you business profile is light grey,  then the bg is white making it almost invincible 
 
20. after signing up and logging in there  is a white stuff on the menu onHover 
 
21.   there are two scrollbar thats hillarious 
 
22. why does the wallet have so much margin arround it and centered when everyone is at the left end 
 
23. there are more but Ill have to stop here for nowv